Sumeh/feature/ta 5.2 Readme (#17003)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/README.md

    RecognizeHealthcareEntitiesResultCollection results = healthOperation.Value;

    Console.WriteLine($"Results of Azure Text Analytics \"Healthcare Async\" Model, version: \"{results.ModelVersion}\"");
    Console.WriteLine("");

    foreach (DocumentHealthcareResult result in results)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"    Recognized the following {result.Entities.Count} healthcare entities:");

        foreach (HealthcareEntity entity in result.Entities)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"    Entity: {entity.Text}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Subcategory: {entity.Subcategory}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Offset: {entity.Offset}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Length: {entity.Length}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    IsNegated: {entity.IsNegated}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Links:");

            foreach (HealthcareEntityLink healthcareEntityLink in entity.Links)
            {
                Console.WriteLine($"        ID: {healthcareEntityLink.Id}");
                Console.WriteLine($"        DataSource: {healthcareEntityLink.DataSource}");
            }
        }
        Console.WriteLine("");
    }
}
```

> For samples on using the production recommended options `DocumentHealthcareResult` see [here][recognize_healthcare_sample].

Reviewer: we usually use this line to show that we have batch operation methods. I think in this case it is ok if you want to avoid the whole line

Author: removed

### Run Analyze Operation Asynchronously

> In the Analyze API, you get to choose which of the supported TA features you want to call in the same API call. Currently the supported TA features are entity recognition, key phrase extraction and entity recognition PII/PHI tasks. For more information see [How to: Use Text Analytics for analyze operation][analyze_operation].

Reviewer: We try to avoid acronyms as much as possible. Same as making sure the language we use is general enough for someone with not much experience with the service (avoid saying API or distinguishing between service REST API and SDK, ideally it should be one).
I am making a suggestion here, feel free to adapt.
```suggestion
The Analyze functionality allows to choose which of the supported Text Analytics features to execute in the same set of documents. Currently the supported features are: entity recognition, key phrase extraction, and Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Recognition. For more information see [How to: Use Text Analytics for analyze operation][analyze_operation].
```

> In the Analyze API, you get to choose which of the supported TA features you want to call in the same API call. Currently the supported TA features are entity recognition, key phrase extraction and entity recognition PII/PHI tasks. For more information see [How to: Use Text Analytics for analyze operation][analyze_operation].

Reviewer: also, looks like the `How to: Use Text Analytics for analyze operation` is broken

Author: I think i will remove as it is not live yet. WIll add it once it is published.

```C# Snippet:AnalyzeOperationBatchAsync
    string document = @"We went to Contoso Steakhouse located at midtown NYC last week for a dinner party, 
                        and we adore the spot! They provide marvelous food and they have a great menu. The
                        chief cook happens to be the owner (I think his name is John Doe) and he is super 
                        nice, coming out of the kitchen and greeted us all. We enjoyed very much dining in 
                        the place! The Sirloin steak I ordered was tender and juicy, and the place was impeccably
                        clean. You can even pre-order from their online menu at www.contososteakhouse.com, 
                        call 312-555-0176 or send email to order@contososteakhouse.com! The only complaint 
                        I have is the food didn't come fast enough. Overall I highly recommend it!";

>     var batchDocuments = new List<TextDocumentInput>

Reviewer: because it is only one document and there is no purpose on showing the language feature, you could use the convenience method `List<string` which is easier and more user friendly

Author: added convenience sample

            Console.WriteLine($"    SubCategory: {entity.SubCategory}");
        }
        Console.WriteLine("");
    }

    Console.WriteLine("Recognized PII Entities");

    foreach (RecognizePiiEntitiesResult result in piiResult)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"    Recognized the following {result.Entities.Count} PII entities:");

        foreach (PiiEntity entity in result.Entities)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"    Entity: {entity.Text}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Category: {entity.Category}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    Offset: {entity.Offset}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    ConfidenceScore: {entity.ConfidenceScore}");
            Console.WriteLine($"    SubCategory: {entity.SubCategory}");
        }
        Console.WriteLine("");
    }

    Console.WriteLine("Key Phrases");

    foreach (ExtractKeyPhrasesResult result in keyPhrasesResult)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"    Recognized the following {result.KeyPhrases.Count} Keyphrases:");

        foreach (string keyphrase in result.KeyPhrases)
        {
            Console.WriteLine($"    {keyphrase}");
        }
        Console.WriteLine("");
    }
}
```

> For samples on using the production recommended options `AnalyzeOperationResult` see [here][analyze_operation_sample].

Reviewer: same here, might not be needed

Author: removed
